---
layout: post
title:  "My aims for 214"
date:   2014-04-09 12:30
categories: personal
tags: personal
---
<p class="post__excerpt">Better late than never.</p>

<section>

Like a lot of people, I'm a list kind of guy. I find that laying things out in front of me allows me to tackle them and makes me feel like I've achieved something every time I get to check something off. This could apply to just about anything, from BAU work requests to a shopping list.

As a result, even though we're now 4 months in, I've decided to lay out my aims for this year. I've decided to focus on skill development, specifically my usage of more "complex" front end technologies.

I started with my overall aim by asking myself the age-old interview question: "Where do I see myself in a year". My answer was unsurprising, but gave me something clear to aim for. I see myself as a Front end developer. Now, you may be saying "Well, aren't you already?" and yes, in a sense. But I'd like to be more rounded, more advanced. 

And so, I came to the conclusion that I should work on my weaknesses, specifically addressing my use of OOJS and building of web apps. here is what I decided on:

* Find a new position where I'll be exposed to more advanced tech, forcing me to up my game and giving me commercial exposure to OOJS.
* Experiment more!
* Involve myself in the community more. London has a great tech scene and I've all but neglected it.
* Keep a log of my progress, quantifying things allows me to see where I need to improve but also gives me a bit of an ego boost when I look back on it.

I've already made my first step towards acheiving these aims, I've resigned from my current job and taken up a position at a far smaller, but more intense tech startup. I'll write more on that experience later.

</section>


<p class="post__signature">S.</p>



