---
layout: post
title:  "Pet projects v2: the return"
date:   2015-02-10 13:00
categories: personal javascript
tags: personal javascript
---
<p class="post__excerpt">More time, more skills</p>

<section>

In April last year I wrote [a post]({% post_url 2014-04-28-2014-pet-projects %}) about pet projects I planned to work on last year. Things didn't quite align for me, my day job got in the way, and I only managed to finish Leon Ipsum (which is currently with the designer while he does his thing).

There is an upside to my being busy at work last year, which is that I've advanced at a far faster rate than I originally though I would. This means I can really push the boundaries on the projects I take on this year.

A while ago, me and my good friend [James](http://twitter.com/zerointernet "James Condron on Twitter") worked on a small twitter bot called Soccer Slaturday, based on the [popular Sky show of (almost) the same name](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soccer_Saturday "Soccer Saturday on Wikipedia"). This was just a bit of a novelty, so we've decided to revisit it and turn it into a bonafide, live updating dashboard.

James is working on providing me with an API to built my client side app on. As with any project this means choosing the right architecture to built it.

I've already mentioned learning Ruby in a [previous post]{% post_url 2015-01-30-new-years-resolutions %} but as I mentioned this is a client side application and that means Javascript. I've been using AngularJS day-to-day for a few months now and, while I'm comfortable with it, it has a fair few flaws that have got me thinking of alternatives.

I've been shopping around the various frameworks, Meteor, Backbone and so on, but the one that really stood out to me as a true solution to what I need, a native style app using the server for data only, was **EmberJS**.

The thing that really sold me on it was an [episode of ShopTalk with Tom Dale](http://shoptalkshow.com/episodes/147-tom-dale/ "ShopTalk episode 147 with Tom Dale"). While he may be biased, his description of what EmberJS strives to achieve matches exactly what I need out of this app.

I'll keep you up to date with my experiences and examples of my solutions along the way. Exciting stuff!

</section>


<p class="post__signature">S.</p>



